---
layout: post
title:  "Level Up!!"
author: gl
categories:
tags: [limitless]
image: "https://themindfulword.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/girl-meditation-wounds-healing-peace.jpg"
description: "Its said compassion can heal wounds but when that is not possible just stop touching it, that's the only way it will heal"
rating: 
---

They say memory can be a curse or a boon, and for the majority of my life I considered it as the later while the last couple of years it turned out to be anything but that.

Mind and body have a great similey when it comes to wounds they both leave scars, although plastic surgery for the later and lobotomy for the former can help they are neither perfect nor natural.
We are here to grow and not just go through, and to grow one must let him or herself out of their comfort zone and give the freedom to fail that essentially entails wounds and scars. So then wounds are not to be shunned nor shyed away from but they are the grades and certificates for us levelling up in our life, let's just get comfortable in its existance and start owning it with pride.

I know my flashpoint and that i fail sometimes to hold on to my conviction this day included. So here then is my conviction let me not define myself with predestination nor bind myself to the expectations of my friends, but love what has come and passed and move forward to inspire.

There are essentially two ways to get better, either you need a touch of compassion or no-touch at all for the wound to heal and that applies to memories as well., dwell not in what didn't happen and accept what has. Let those expectations and memories fall like the dead leaf from the tree you are for the new ones to spring.
